Nickname
TWICE have been given many nicknames throughout the years from fans. One of 
their most well known to all fans is Teudoongie, which is an affectionate 
nickname given to the group as a whole from fans. 
History
Pre-debut
New JYP girl group and Sixteen
nickname given to the group as a whole from fans. On December 19, 2013, JYP 
Entertainment announced that they would debut a new girl group in the first 
half of 2014, the first female group to come out of the company since the debut 
of miss A in 2010. On February 27, 2014, JYP trainees Lena and Cecilia were 
confirmed as members of the group, while other rumored members included JYP 
trainees Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Jisoo (later Jihyo) and Minyoung. After Cecilia's 
departure, JYP trainee Sana replaced her and 6mix was about to debut when Lena 
left the company, effectively canceling their debut. 
left the company, effectively canceling their debut. On February 11, 2015, Park 
Jin-young announced that the lineup of JYP's upcoming seven member girl group 
would be decided through Sixteen, a competition survival show that would air on 
Mnet later that year. Park explained in a press conference prior to the show's 
airing that he hoped the group would "have the Wonder Girls' and miss A's 
natural, healthy feel, with an edgier and wilder side. I want to upgrade this 
next group by adding elements like hip-hop and rap." 
next group by adding elements like hip-hop and rap." The show began on May 5 
and ended with Nayeon, Sana, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, Mina, Jihyo, and Jeongyeon as 
the seven Twice members. JYP then announced that he would be increasing the 
size of the group from 7 members to 9 by adding Tzuyu, who was the "audience's 
pick" since she was the most popular contestant by the show's end, and Momo, 
who was added by JYP himself since he felt the group needed someone with Momo's 
performance abilities. The decision was controversial at the time with many 
people complaining about eliminated contestants being able to join the group. 
Twice was to debut in late 2015.
people complaining about eliminated contestants being able to join the group. 
On July 10, 2015, Twice opened their official Instagram account with the first 
picture of the nine members posing together. JYP Entertainment released Twice 
TV, a web series that shared the members' hopes and stories through interviews 
and followed them as they prepared for their debut. 
2015
Debut with The Story Begins
Twice's vlive before debut with the first music video
and followed them as they prepared for their debut. On October 7, 2015, JYP 
Entertainment launched the band's official website and announced via SNS that 
the group would debut with the mini-album The Story Begins and title track 
"Like OOH-AHH". The track was described as a 'color pop' dance track with 
elements of hip-hop, rock, and R&B. The composition team included Black Eyed 
Pilseung, known for composing successful releases such as Miss A's "Only You." 
On October 20, the album and the song's music video were released online and 
through the Naver V App. The group held a live showcase the same day, where 
they performed "Like OOH-AHH" along with dance tracks "I think I'm Crazy" and 
"Do It Again." 
Twice's debut showcase
"Do It Again." The music video hit 50 million views within five months of their 
debut and became the most-viewed debut music video for any K-pop group. By 
December, Twice had signed ten CF contracts totaling earnings of KRW1.8 
billion. It is the most for any rookie girl group after a month since debut. On 
December 27, the band performed a remix version of their single "Like OOH-AHH" 
at SBS Gayo Daejeon, Twice's first-ever attendance on a year-end music program. 
2016
Cheer Up, TT, Knock Knock and first solo concert
at SBS Gayo Daejeon, Twice's first-ever attendance on a year-end music program. 
Twice's second mini-album, Page Two, was released on April 25, 2016. The album 
includes title track 
Twice appeared on Twice TV3 before their 2nd comeback - Cheer Up
includes title track "Cheer Up", a remake of Park Ji-yoon's "Precious Love", 
and "I'm Gonna Be a Star", which served as the theme song for Sixteen. The 
group held their comeback showcase the same day at the Yes24 Live Hall located 
in Seoul, South Korea. The music video of the title track hit 10 million views 
on YouTube within five days. Twice won their first music program award on May 
5, 2016, on M! Countdown, exactly one year after the initial airing of Sixteen. 
This was soon followed by wins on Music Bank and Inkigayo. 
This was soon followed by wins on Music Bank and Inkigayo. On August 16, 2016, 
it was reported that Twice's second mini-album Page Two had sold over 150,000 
copies, making it the first girl group having a sales record of more than 
100,000 units this year. 
100,000 units this year. On September 23, 2016, Twice released their two 
official colours, namely Apricot (Pantone 712 C) and Neon Magenta (Pantone 812 
C), which signify the group and their fan club called "Once". Five days later, 
JYP Entertainment announced that the group is preparing for a late October 
comeback with a new album and another title track by Black Eyed Pilseung, 
though the final schedule has not been set. On October 10, the agency released 
a time table for their third extended play, titled TWICEcoaster: LANE 1, 
through their official homepage and SNS, which shows Twice's promotion schedule 
beginning October 10 until the release of their album on the 24th. On October 
19, Twice revealed their official light with their official colours called 
"Candy Bong", which is inspired by song "Candy Boy" from their first mini 
album. In celebration of Twice's first anniversary since debut, the group 
unveiled their new song "One in a Million", through a live broadcast on Naver V 
Live on October 20 at 22:30 KST. 
Twice third comeback with 'TT'
Live on October 20 at 22:30 KST. On October 24, 2016, TWICEcoaster: LANE 1 and 
the music video of the laid-back but light and cheerful pop dance song "TT" was 
released online. Twice held their showcase the same day, where they performed 
"One in a Million", "Jelly Jelly" and "TT" for the first time. 
"One in a Million", "Jelly Jelly" and "TT" for the first time. On November 11, 
2016, the music video for "Like OOH-AHH" hit 100 million views on YouTube, 
which makes Twice became the fourth K-pop girl group to reach 100 million 
views, as well as the first debut music video for any K-pop group to reach this 
milestone. The music video for "Cheer Up" followed six days later. 
milestone. The music video for "Cheer Up" followed six days later. On December 
5, 2016, it was announced through their official Twitter that the group would 
                                    Wiki; 1                                     
be releasing a Christmas edition of TWICEcoaster: LANE 1. It was released on 
December 19 with the same track listing. 
December 19 with the same track listing. On January 3, 2017, the music video 
for "TT" hit 100 million views, becoming the fastest K-pop group music video to 
do so and breaking Twice's own record previously set by "Cheer Up". 
do so and breaking Twice's own record previously set by "Cheer Up". On January 
10, 2017, JYP Entertainment announced Twice's first solo concert within just a 
year and four months of debuting in October 2015. The three-day concert titled 
Twice 1st Tour: Twiceland The Opening will be held on February 17–19 at the SK 
Olympic Handball Stadium, and is the first stop of their world tour. 
Olympic Handball Stadium, and is the first stop of their world tour. Twice's 
repackaged comeback song 'Knock Knock' also won and favored in multiple music 
shows 
shows On January 18, the agency also announced that Twice will release a 
special album in February after the Korean leg of the concert tour. The album 
is reportedly another reissue of Twicecoaster: Lane 1. 
is reportedly another reissue of Twicecoaster: Lane 1. Lane 2 and its lead 
single, "Knock Knock", were both released on February 20, 2017. After its 
release, it was reported that the reissue sold more than 310,000 copies in 
pre-orders within a week. 
2017
pre-orders within a week. Qoo Nametag Nayeon.pngQoo Nametag Jeongyeon.pngQoo 
Nametag Momo.pngQoo Nametag Sana.pngQoo Nametag Jihyo.pngQoo Nametag 
Mina.pngQoo Nametag Dahyun.pngQoo Nametag Chaeyoung.pngQoo Nametag Tzuyu.png 
Signal, Japan Debut and KCON17NY
Twice x Shibuya 109 pop up store
On February 24, they official announced their debut in Japan on June 28, 2017.
Mina.pngQoo Nametag Dahyun.pngQoo Nametag Chaeyoung.pngQoo Nametag Tzuyu.png In 
early February 2017, Twice launched their Japanese website and other social 
media channels. Large photos and ads of Twice were seen on the walls of busy 
shopping districts and subway station in Tokyo on February 8. It is also 
notable that the "TT pose", which is part of the choreography of the group's 
song "TT", was imitated by several Japanese celebrities on SNS and became 
popular among teenagers. On February 24, they official announced their debut in 
Japan on June 28, 2017. They also released a mini-album "What's Twice?" which 
consists of 4 songs including 3 title tracks. 
consists of 4 songs including 3 title tracks. They have released a compilation 
album titled #TWICE which consists of 10 songs including both Korean and 
Japanese-language versions of "Like Ooh-Ahh," "Cheer Up" and "TT." On the same 
day, five Japanese morning program informed viewers of the upcoming debut and 
featured Twice in an interview. 
featured Twice in an interview. On March 21, Twice confirmed their debut 
showcase in Japan on July 2 which will be held in Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium. 
showcase in Japan on July 2 which will be held in Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium. 
On March 31, TWICE songs is introduced in the Japanese TV show "Buzzism" (Buzz 
Rhythm) on one of their segments. 
Rhythm) on one of their segments. On April 7, KCON has announced that Twice 
will be joining their first lineup with CNBlue to join KCON in New York on June 
23 to 24. 
23 to 24. On April 14, Twice has appeared on TV Asahi Music Station, 
introducing the group, members and their debut. 
introducing the group, members and their debut. Twice appeared on Mezamashi TV 
on April 26 which showed their interview and also to meet J-Once. They have 
flew over to Japan Shibuya for filming. On April 28, Twice appeared on NIPPON 
TV - ZIP! 
Twice's song Signal had won MAMA Song of the Year 2017.
TV - ZIP! On April 18, JYPE has confirmed Twice's comeback on the 3rd week of 
May. Promotion period will last for 2 weeks. On April 27, JYPE announced that 
Twice have secretly finished their filming the MV of their title song. The song 
will be composed by Park Jin Young and Joe J Lee 'Kairos', it is the first time 
that TWICE and JYP working together. The new song will be able to show Twice 
members' individual personality. After announcing their comeback, Twice has 
released their first teaser photo through SNS on April 30. The photo revealed 
their titled song "Signal" and their comeback confirmed on May 15 at 6pm. 
their titled song "Signal" and their comeback confirmed on May 15 at 6pm. By 
the end of April, Twice is ranked number 1 on Girl group Brand Big Data (Brand 
Reputation Index) for the whole April for 6 months straight from last October. 
Reputation Index) for the whole April for 6 months straight from last October. 
The album "Signal", along with the music video for "Signal" was released on May 
15 at 18:00 KST. It contains six tracks, including “Eye Eye Eyes” co-written by 
members Jihyo and Chaeyoung, and "Only You" written by former Wonder Girls 
member Ha:tfelt. 
member Ha:tfelt. On May 20, the music video "Knock Knock" hit 100 million 
views, becoming the 4th title song to hit the million mark. 
views, becoming the 4th title song to hit the million mark. On June 14, Twice 
digitally released "Signal (Japanese ver.)", along with the short version of 
its music video, as a preview and countdown to album release. A week later, 
they released the full music video of the Japanese version of "TT". 
Twice @ Tokyo Tower
they released the full music video of the Japanese version of "TT". On the same 
day, Twice was announced that the group would have a collaboration with Shibuya 
109 store's 109 Summer Sale campaign for 2017 to mark the album release of 
#TWICE. The store will host pop-up stores called #Twice Pop-up Store and #Twice 
Gallery at its Tokyo and Osaka branches throughout July. They also launched a 
promotion campaign with Tokyo Tower. 
Twice @ Touchdown in Japan! debut Showcase
On June 17-18, Twice hold their 2 days Encore concert of Twiceland.
promotion campaign with Tokyo Tower. On June 24, Twice performed at KCON in New 
York. They performed JYP special stage and all five of their titled songs. 
York. They performed JYP special stage and all five of their titled songs. On 
June 28, Twice officially debut in Japan with the release of their first 
compilation album titled #TWICE. The album debuted at number 2 on Oricon Albums 
Chart, which sold 136,157 copies within seven days, the highest first week 
album sales among K-pop artists in Japan in the last two years. In less than 
two months, it sold over 260,000 copies, earning it a Platinum certification by 
the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ). For celebrating Twice's 
debut on June 28, on June 29, Warner Music Japan displayed the word "TT" on 
Tokyo Tower, which only light-ups for very special days or awareness days. 
Tokyo Tower, which only light-ups for very special days or awareness days. On 
                                    Wiki; 2                                     
June 30, Twice appeared for 2 hours and performed on Music Station. Twice are 
the first K-pop group to be on Music Station in 5 years. Twice also appeared on 
NHK News, which introduce the group. Twice were also interviewed about 
hardships of having members from different nationalities and how they work 
together as a group. 
together as a group. The same day Twice performed "TT (Japanese ver.)" for the 
first time on a television program on the June 30th episode of Music Station, 
the first South Korean girl group to perform on the show since 2012. They 
appeared on the 2-hour special episode along with Exile The Second, Kanjani8, 
Keyakizaka46, Dean Fujioka, Tomoyo Harada and Hey! Say! JUMP. 
Keyakizaka46, Dean Fujioka, Tomoyo Harada and Hey! Say! JUMP. On June 29–30, 
letters "TT", which represent the title track, were displayed in bright pink 
lighting on the Japanese tourist destination. 
Twice @ Touchdown in Japan showcase
lighting on the Japanese tourist destination. On July 2, Twice held their 
two-part debut showcase titled Touchdown in Japan in Tokyo Metropolitan 
Gymnasium. The two showcases attracted a total of 15,000 fans. It is estimated 
that Twice to have made 1.5 billion won only from Japanese debut showcase 
merchandise sales, and 10 items had sold out. 
merchandise sales, and 10 items had sold out. On July 5-6, Twice held their 2 
days Hi-touch event in Tokyo and Osaka, as a thank you to all Japanese fans for 
supporting their debut, which drew in about 20,000 fans. The chance to 
participate in the hi-touch was based on photocards from the #TWICE album, with 
hi-touch tickets correlating to the photocards. 
hi-touch tickets correlating to the photocards. The release of their first 
compilation album titled #TWICE debuted at number 2 on Oricon Albums Chart, 
which sold 136,157 copies within seven days, the highest first week album sales 
among K-pop artists in Japan in the last two years. In less than two months, it 
sold over 260,000 copies, earning it a Platinum certification by the Recording 
Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ). 
One More Time
Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ). Twice released their first Japanese 
single music video "One More Time" on October 5 and the single of the same time 
will release on October 18. The music video has reached 10 million views after 
5 days since release.Twice will be attending the Japanese radio show "School of 
Lock" on October 19 where they will give advice on worries that the callers 
send in. 
Once Begins Fan Meeting & First full album Twicetagram
ONCE_BEGINS
ONCE BEGINS
send in. On September 7, Twice filmed their music video in Canada indicated a 
comeback from the group. Twice held their 2nd anniversary fan meeting "Once 
Begins" on October 14 and 15 where Twice are able to celebrate their 
anniversary with their fans. 
anniversary with their fans. On October 18, the group released their first 
Japanese single, "One More Time". The music video was first released on October 
6. The single album achieved the biggest first-day sales and became the 
fastest-selling album of any South Korean girl group in Japan. Both #Twice and 
"One More Time" earned Platinum certification by the Recording Industry 
Association of Japan (RIAJ). 
Association of Japan (RIAJ). Twice released their first full-length Korean 
album, Twicetagram, on October 30 with its lead single titled 
Likey Music Video filmed in Vancouver
album, Twicetagram, on October 30 with its lead single titled "Likey". The 
music video for the song was filmed in Canada in early September. "Likey" was 
composed by Black Eyed Pilseung and Jeon Gun. It was the group's fourth 
collaboration with Black Eyed Pilseung. Several composers and songwriters 
participated in the album including the Korean members of Twice as lyricists 
and former Wonder Girls' member Hyerim who co-composed the eighth track titled 
"Look At Me". The album and its lead single debuted atop both Billboard's World 
Albums and World Digital Song Sales respectively—the group's first number 1, 
making Twice the first female K-pop act to lead on both charts. They also rose 
on the Heatseekers Albums as the album debuted at number 10, one position 
higher than Signals peak at number 11. The Christmas-inspired reissue of 
Twicetagram, titled Merry & Happy, along with its title track "Heart Shaker" 
was released on December 11, 2017. 
was released on December 11, 2017. TWICE is 1st K-Pop artist to perform at 
Japanese year-end festival 'Kohaku Uta Gassen' in 6 years 
Japanese year-end festival 'Kohaku Uta Gassen' in 6 years Twice's endorsement 
"11th Street" had a turnover of 64 billion wons on 11th November 2017, with 
dealing of 44 million wons every minutes. It is an increase of 37% compared to 
last year and it is a new record in the e-shopping industry. 
Kohaku Uta Gassen
last year and it is a new record in the e-shopping industry. Twice and BTS 
attended the TV Arashi Music Station Super Live on December 22. Twice performed 
"TT (Japanese ver.)". This is the second time that Twice had been invited to 
perform at Music Station. 
perform at Music Station. It was officially announced through a press 
conference in Tokyo that the group would debut on the 68th Kōhaku Uta Gassen, 
the top-rated annual year-end musical show in Japan produced by NHK. It was 
held live at NHK Hall on December 31, where Twice performed "TT (Japanese 
ver.)". They were the first Korean artist to attend the event in the last six 
years and the fourth K-pop group after TVXQ, Kara and Girls' Generation. 
2018
years and the fourth K-pop group after TVXQ, Kara and Girls' Generation. Candy 
Pop, 2nd Twiceland Tour, What Is Love?, Dance The Night Away, & more Japanese 
Releases 
Twice's Nike Air Max Endorsement
Releases Twice's second Japanese maxi single titled "Candy Pop" was 
pre-released on January 12, 2018 and the CD single dropped on February 7. The 
group also embarked on their first concert tour in Japan titled Twice Showcase 
Live Tour 2018 "Candy Pop", starting on January 19 in Aichi Prefecture. 
Live Tour 2018 "Candy Pop", starting on January 19 in Aichi Prefecture. On 
February 18, JYPE released their second Twiceland tour "Twiceland ZONE 2: 
Fantasy Park" teaser via social network sites. The tour currently announced to 
take place in Seoul, Saitama and Osaka. 
Twice @ KCON Japan 2018
take place in Seoul, Saitama and Osaka. By February 23, Twice has sold over 1 
million copies of their album in 8 months into their Japan debut, with #TWICE 
                                    Wiki; 3                                     
sold 326,400 copies, One More Time sold 329,400 copies and Candy Pop sold 
402,319 copies. 
402,319 copies. On March 24, Twice released teaser for their 5th extended play 
titled "What Is Love?", released on April 9, with a showcase the same day. 
On April 13, Twice performed "What Is Love?" in KCON Japan 2018.
titled "What Is Love?", released on April 9, with a showcase the same day. On 
April 24, Twice's Japan YouTube channel uploaded the music video for Twice's 
third Japanese single album ''Wake Me Up''. The CD single was released on May 
16 before holding another tour. The tour, titled Twice 2nd Tour: Twiceland Zone 
2 – Fantasy Park, began in Seoul on May 18–20. On April 15, Twice released the 
teaser for their 3rd Japanese Single, "Wake Me Up". The song of the same title 
was pre-released as background music for their endorsement, "NIKE AIR MAX". And 
the single is set to release on May 16. On May 25, Twice attended on Music 
Station for the 4th time, performing "Wake Me Up" and "What Is Love?", making 
the first Korean girl group to perform a Korean song on a Japanese TV show. 
"I Want You Back" Cover
the first Korean girl group to perform a Korean song on a Japanese TV show. 
Twice released a cover of "I Want You Back" by The Jackson Five as an OST for 
the soundtrack of the Japanese movie "Sensei Kunshu". The whole song was 
covered in English. Both the song and music video was released digitally on 
June 15. 
June 15. On June 17, Twice's Official Twitter posted a teaser for their 8th 
single titled "Dance The Night Away". 
『センセイ君主』×TWICE_オリジナルMV【主題歌：I_WANT_YOU_BACK】
『センセイ君主』×TWICE オリジナルMV【主題歌：I WANT YOU BACK】
Collaboration Music Video With Cast of "Sensei Kunshu"
single titled "Dance The Night Away". On June 27, Twice made a collaboration 
with the cast of “Sensei Kunshu“ for a special music video of “I Want You Back” 
as promotion for the movie. 
as promotion for the movie. On July 9, Twice release's the Dance The Night Away 
music video. Twice sets a new personal record of 20,387,875 views within 24 
hours of the music video's release. 
hours of the music video's release. 1000 Days With TwiceJuly 13 marks the 
beginning of Dance The Night Away broadcast stages. 
On July 15, we celebrate being with Twice for 1000 days as Once.
beginning of Dance The Night Away broadcast stages. Twice @ KCON LA 2018Twice 
attended this years KCON LA. They were scheduled on the 2nd day of the con 
which was August 11. 
which was August 11. On August 17, Twice released the song and music video for 
BDZ. They performed "BDZ" their first time on Music Station on August 31 which 
was their sixth time on Music Station. They are also invited to perform again 
on the Music Station "2018 M Station Ultra Fes" on September 17. Twice will be 
joining a lot of famous Japanese artists at the show including artists and M 
Station regulars like AKB48, E-girls, GENERATIONS, and Hey! Say! JUMP. The next 
day, Twice was invited to the Tokyo Girls Collection 2018. They opened the show 
and performed 3 songs; TT, Dance The Night Away and BDZ. 
and performed 3 songs; TT, Dance The Night Away and BDZ. On August 20, Twice 
participated in this years ISAC (Idol Star Athletics Championships). 
participated in this years ISAC (Idol Star Athletics Championships). Their 
first Japanese studio album “BDZ” was released on September 12, According to 
Japan’s largest music statistics site Oricon, “BDZ” reached 89,721 units sold 
in its first day and took the No. 1 spot on Oricon’s daily album chart for 
September 11. On the September 12 chart, it remains in No. 1 and on October 10, 
the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) confirmed its platinum 
certification. 
certification. On September 21, it was announced that a new original song 
called “Stay By My Side” was chosen as the theme song for the Japanese drama 
Damekoi. The song was released in late October. The album "BDZ" was followed 
with their concert tour named Twice 1st Arena Tour 2018 "BDZ", beginning in 
Chiba on September 29. 
Chiba on September 29. At approximately 7 a.m. KST on October 11, TWICE’s “What 
is Love?” hit 200 million views on YouTube, making it their seventh music video 
to do so. The music video only took 6 months and 1 day to reach the 
achievement. 
achievement. On October 17, TWICE announced the big news that they’ll be 
performing shows at some of Japan’s famous dome stadiums in 2019. The 
announcement includes two dates at Tokyo Dome, one at Nagoya Dome, and one at 
Kyocera Dome. 
Kyocera Dome. October 20 is the group’s third anniversary, and TWICE first 
celebrated by releasing a video of fun and special moments from their history. 
The video is titled “Do You Like TWICE?” which is a perfect fit for their mini 
album “Yes or Yes” The end includes a quick teaser of their upcoming release. 
TWICE performed Yes or Yes at MAMA 2018 in Japan.
album “Yes or Yes” The end includes a quick teaser of their upcoming release. 
On November 13, Japanese media outlet Oricon Style reported, TWICE’s EP Yes Or 
Yes recorded 33,000 albums sold in its first week, and TWICE also took their 
first No. 1 with an imported album on Oricon’s weekly album chart. 
first No. 1 with an imported album on Oricon’s weekly album chart. On October 
23, the 2018 MGA organizers revealed, “TWICE will be making their comeback on 
November 5 by releasing their new album and holding a showcase. The day after, 
the girl group will be putting on a performance for their upcoming track for 
the first time on television via the 2018 MGA.” 
Yes Or Yes MV breaks K-pop records:
the first time on television via the 2018 MGA.” The fastest K-pop girl group 
music video to hit 20 million views, doing so in just 10 hours and 27 minutes. 
music video to hit 20 million views, doing so in just 10 hours and 27 minutes. 
The fastest K-pop girl group to 10 million views, hitting the mark in 6 hours 
and 2 minutes. 
2018_MGA_올해의_베스트셀링_아티스트_트와이스(TWICE)
2018 MGA 올해의 베스트셀링 아티스트 트와이스(TWICE)
Twice at The 2018 MBC Plus x Genie Music Awards
On November 6, TWICE won a Daesang at the 2018 MBC Plus X Genie Music Awards.
and 2 minutes. On November 7 at 7:30 p.m. KST, “YES or YES" came in first place 
on the realtime and daily charts of all six major Korean music sites (Melon, 
Genie, Bugs, Mnet, Naver, and Soribada) as well as iChart’s realtime chart. 
Genie, Bugs, Mnet, Naver, and Soribada) as well as iChart’s realtime chart. On 
November 10 at 1:30 p.m. KST, Instiz’s iChart confirmed that Yes Or Yes had hit 
No. 1 on the realtime and daily charts of all six major music sites (Melon, 
Genie, Bugs, Mnet, Naver, and Soribada), as well as iChart’s realtime and 
                                    Wiki; 4                                     
weekly charts. 
weekly charts. On November 13, Japanese media outlet Oricon Style reported, 
TWICE’s mini album Yes Or Yes recorded 33,000 albums sold in its first week, 
and TWICE also took their first No. 1 with an imported album on Oricon’s weekly 
album chart. 
album chart. On November 15, Gaon Chart announced that the girl group had 
earned a quadruple crown after topping four of its weekly charts. TWICE took 
No. 1 on the physical album chart, the overall digital chart, the download 
chart, and the social chart for the week of November 4 to November 10. 
chart, and the social chart for the week of November 4 to November 10. 
According to YouTube FanFest’s website, TWICE is one of the many artists to 
perform at the Japanese leg of the year-long, international event. 
2019
Fancy and Feel Special
Fancy You Showcase
perform at the Japanese leg of the year-long, international event. They 
released the music video for Fancy on April 22 at 6 p.m. KST. As of 24 hours 
later on April 23 at 6 p.m. KST, the music video garnered 39,854,198 views on 
YouTube. Soon after its release, Fancy You topped iTunes album charts in at 
least 25 countries including Singapore, Thailand, Greece, Germany, Brazil, and 
Mexico. Fancy also topped iTunes song charts in at least eight countries 
including Hong Kong and Vietnam. 
including Hong Kong and Vietnam. They also topped korean music charts by taking 
No. 1 on Melon, Genie, Bugs, Mnet, Naver, and Soribada. 
No. 1 on Melon, Genie, Bugs, Mnet, Naver, and Soribada. On March 6, 2019, they 
released their second Japanese compilation album #TWICE2. 
released their second Japanese compilation album #TWICE2. As of April 22 at 9 
p.m. KST, the track Fancy placed No. 1 on Japanese music streaming service Line 
Music’s Top 100 chart, with the chart also including the group’s b-side tracks. 
Thus, all six songs from Fancy You took over the chart’s top six. 
TWICE performed at the Tokyo Dome in 2019.
Thus, all six songs from Fancy You took over the chart’s top six. Twice made 
history as the first female K-pop act to hold a Japanese dome tour, named Twice 
Dome Tour 2019 "#Dreamday". The tour garnered a total audience of 220,000 
during five shows in Osaka, Tokyo and Nagoya, and was held in March and April 
2019. All 220,000 tickets were sold out within a minute after the ticket sales 
commenced. 
commenced. Twice started their Twicelights Word Tour 2019 with their first 
concert taking place on May 25, 2019 in South Korea. On July 11, 2019, JYPE 
announced via its official Fans website that Mina would not be participating in 
their World Tour from the Singapore stage onwards due to health reasons 
regarding sudden extreme anxiety and insecurity towards performing on stage. 
regarding sudden extreme anxiety and insecurity towards performing on stage. On 
June 12, 2019, Twice released both "Happy Happy" and "Breakthrough" singles 
digitally. On July 17, 2019, JYP Entertainment announced the addition of a 
Japanese leg after reaching tens of thousands of fans on Southeast Asia and 
North America legs of the World Tour "Twicelights". They would stage twelve 
concerts in seven Japanese cities from October to February 2020. On the same 
date, "Happy Happy" was released physically and "Breakthrough" would also be 
released the following week. Both singles were received the Platinum 
certificates by the RIAJ. 
certificates by the RIAJ. On August 20, 2019, JYPE reports working with Youtube 
to produce original content featuring TWICE, who will be the first Korean girl 
group to have original Youtube content following BTS. The videos will be 
released to fans worldwide in the first half of 2020. 
released to fans worldwide in the first half of 2020. On August 26 2019, JYPE 
confirmed Twice's 8th comeback in September, and have already filmed their 
music video in the beginning of August. The EP Feel Special (Extended Play) 
released on September 23, 2019 along with the music video produced by Park Jin 
Young. The single reached group's second number 1 on the Billboard's World 
Digital Song Sales which previously hit the top spot in 2017 with "Likey". The 
single also debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 chart at number 82 and it is the 
group's first entered on the chart, making Twice the third K-pop girl group and 
ninth K-pop act to appear on the chart. 
ninth K-pop act to appear on the chart. Twice released their second Japanese 
studio album &TWICE on November 20, 2019. Its lead single "Fake & True" was 
pre-released as a digital single on October 18, 2019. In Japan, Twice surpassed 
5 billion yen worth of record sales in 2019. The group was the best-selling 
foreign artist and ranked fourth overall in the Artist Sales category of the 
52nd Oricon Annual Ranking. On Billboard Japan, Twice ranked fifth in the Top 
Artist category of the 2019 year-end rankings. They ranked the top five for 
three consecutive years. The group also became the fifth most streamed act on 
Spotify in the country. 
2020
Twicelights, Seize The Light Documentary, and &TWICE
Spotify in the country. In October 2019, the group added two stops to their 
world tour "Twicelights" at the Tokyo Dome. An encore of the tour called the 
"Twicelights World Tour Finale" was initially to be held in Seoul on March 7 
and 8, 2020 at the KSPO Dome but was eventually cancelled due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. The documentary series Twice: Seize the Light follows the members 
throughout their journey as trainees to their first world tour "Twicelights". 
The series includes nine episodes and premiered April 29 on YouTube Originals. 
The series includes nine episodes and premiered April 29 on YouTube Originals. 
Twice released a repackage of studio album &TWICE on February 5, 2020, adding a 
new song titled "Swing" along with a new version of the "Fake & True" music 
video called "The Truth Game". 
video called "The Truth Game". On May 5, 2020, Warner Music Japan released the 
news of Twice releasing a new Japanese single on July 8, 2020 with the track 
"Fanfare"; with sales of 177,000, it became number 1 of the Oricon weekly 
singles chart, this is TWICE's 2nd time of getting number 1 after two years and 
two months since "Wake Me Up". On August 7, the sixth single "Fanfare" released 
in Japan was certified as a platinum single by the Recording Association of 
Japan. On November 18, the seventh Japanese single "Better" was released. 
Japan. On November 18, the seventh Japanese single "Better" was released. On 
February 24 2020, it was announced that the group had signed with Republic 
Records for promotion in the United States as part of JYP Entertainment's 
partnership with the label. 
partnership with the label. On April 24, the JTBC television company presented 
two different versions of the theme song of its logo that were performed by 
                                    Wiki; 5                                     
Twice and Crush, respectively, as part of their reorganization. 
More & More & Eyes wide open
Twice and Crush, respectively, as part of their reorganization. On April 28, 
Twice held a premiere live stream on YouTube before the release of their first 
YouTube Original content of "TWICE: Seize The Light", they talked about their 
Twicelights Word Tour 2019 and answered all fans questions. At the end of the 
live stream, Jihyo revealed their comeback date on June 1, 2020 with their new 
title track - "More & More". Mina, after a year and a half of hiatus, finally 
returned to the group for the More & More promotions. The group's ninth Korean 
EP, was released on June 1, 2020. The EP recorded over 550,000 sales on Gaon, 
making it not only Twice's best selling album to date but also the best-selling 
girl group album in South Korea in 20 years. The EP debuted at number 200 on 
the Billboard 200, making Twice the fourth South Korean girl group to enter the 
chart, after Girls' Generation, 2NE1 and Blackpink. Twice also entered the 
Billboard Artist 100 for the first time, debuting at number 96. 
Billboard Artist 100 for the first time, debuting at number 96. On August 9, 
Twice held their first online concert titled "TWICE: World In A Day" in 
response to their "Twicelights World Tour Finale" which had been cancelled 
earlier in the year. The group worked with the Beyond LIVE platform launched by 
SM Entertainment and Naver for the concert, becoming the first artist outside 
of SM Entertainment to host an online concert using the platform. 
of SM Entertainment to host an online concert using the platform. After 4 
months of the last comeback "More & More", on September 30, 2020, JYPE confirms 
that Twice will be making a comeback with a full album on October 26, 2020. 
They reported that they have worked with a new MV production company to film 
their music video and are expected to show a different charm and concept for 
this comeback. It was revealed that the next concept is retro and the album 
name "Eyes wide open"; the album is the 2nd Korean full album after 
"Twicetagram". The album also comes out in celebrating their 5th anniversary., 
before the comeback, Twice released a 5th-anniversary video to thank all the 
fans for their support for the last 5 years. "Eyes wide open" was released on 
October 26, 2020. Two months later after the release of the 2nd full album, it 
debuted at number 72 on the US Billboard 200, marking the group's highest entry 
on the chart surpassing More & More, as well as making Twice only the third 
K-pop girl group to break within the top 100 of the chart, after 2NE1 and 
Blackpink. 
Blackpink. On October 16, 2020, Twice is collaborating with K/DA (League of 
Legends virtual girl group) on their new album for a song called "I'LL SHOW 
YOU". The group's four members performed the song alongside American 
singer-songwriters Bekuh Boom and Annika Wells. 
singer-songwriters Bekuh Boom and Annika Wells. On October 17, 2020, JYPE 
announced that Jeongyeon would be sitting out of promotions for Eyes Wide Open 
due to experiencing psychological anxiousness. She would take time to have 
"sufficient rest and absolute stability, accompanied by professional medical 
measures". 
measures". The group made their US television debut with their appearance on 
the "#PlayAtHome" series of The Late Show With Stephen Colbert on November 30, 
performing their song "I Can't Stop Me". 
Cry For Me
performing their song "I Can't Stop Me". During their appearance at the 2020 
Mnet Asian Music Awards on December 6, Twice gave a surprise performance of 
their unreleased track titled "Cry For Me" which was described by the group as 
a present for their fans, and after high demand, the song was officially 
released as a digital single on December 18. The song debuted atop the 
Billboard World Digital Song Sales Chart on the chart dated January 2, 2021, 
and also became the group's third entry on the Billboard Global Excluding US 
Chart debuting at #122. 
2021–present
Taste of Love, Perfect World and Formula of Love: O+T=<3
Chart debuting at #122. On January 28, Twice made an appearance on the Time 100 
Talks series held by Time magazine via livestream broadcast, with the group 
delivering a special performance of their track "Depend On You" from their Eyes 
Wide Open album. 
Wide Open album. On March 6, the group held their second online concert titled 
"Twice in Wonderland", which was first announced on January 14. The concert was 
held in partnership with NTT Docomo and was broadcast using various 
technologies including AR (augmented reality) and MR (mixed reality). Jeongyeon 
was not able to perform at the concert but she sang while sitting down 
throughout the whole concert. At the end of their online concert, Twice 
announced the release of their upcoming Japanese single "Kura Kura" to be 
slated on May 12. "Kura Kura" was pre-released on online streaming platforms on 
April 20. Its music video was also released on the same date, the single was 
released on May 12. 
released on May 12. On April 19, JYP Entertainment announced the group's 
upcoming mini-album that is planned to be released in June 2021. On April 28, 
Twice appeared on The Kelly Clarkson Show with a performance of their single 
"Cry For Me". The group's tenth Korean EP, Taste of Love, was released on June 
11. "Alcohol-Free", the EP's lead single, was pre-released on June 9, along 
with its music video. After the release of the music video, the number of 
YouTube views exceeded 20 million in just 24 hours. In the week ending June 17, 
Taste of Love debuted at number 6 on the Billboard 200, becoming Twice's first 
top 10 album in the United States with 46,000 album-equivalent units earned. Of 
that sum, the EP recorded 43,000 physical sales, making it the best selling 
album in the US for the week. With this, Twice became the first female Korean 
act to chart an EP within the top ten of the Billboard 200, and just the second 
female Korean act to have a top 10 album in the chart. 
female Korean act to have a top 10 album in the chart. The group's third 
Japanese studio album Perfect World was released on July 28. It features 10 
tracks, including the lead single "Perfect World" and three earlier singles, 
"Fanfare", "Better", and "Kura Kura". 
"Fanfare", "Better", and "Kura Kura". On August 18, JYPE announced that 
Jeongyeon would be taking another hiatus due to panic and psychological 
anxiety. 
International Expansion
anxiety. The group released their first official English-language single, "The 
Feels", on October 1. At the end of the single's music video, which was also 
released on October 1, their third Korean studio album (sixth overall) and 
fourth world tour were teased. On October 11, "The Feels" debuted at number 83 
on the Billboard Hot 100, marking the group's first appearance on the chart. 
                                    Wiki; 6                                     
The song also made its way to the UK Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 
80. The group's third Korean studio album, Formula of Love: O+T=<3, was 
released on November 12 with its title track, "Scientist". The album peaked at 
number 3 on the Billboard 200, breaking Taste of Love's record. 
number 3 on the Billboard 200, breaking Taste of Love's record. On November 15, 
the group announced five initial North American tour dates of their fourth 
world tour, "III". They embarked on the tour with a two-day concert in Seoul on 
December 25–26. On December 3, Twice pre-released their ninth Japanese single, 
"Doughnut", with an accompanying music video. It was physically released on 
December 15 in Japan. With the successful completion of their seven-date U.S. 
leg of the “III” World Tour which concluded on February 27, 2022, Twice became 
the first female K-pop act to hold two separate arena tours in the world’s 
biggest music market, bringing out an audience of approximately 100,000 people. 
Originally, only one date for LA and NY were announced, but second shows were 
quickly added to both cities added due to high demand after the sellout. 
Following the success of their US tour, Twice announced an encore concert at 
the Banc of California Stadium in Los Angeles, making them the first female 
K-pop group to headline a stadium concert in the United States. Initially 
announcing only one date for May 14, the group decided to hold an additional 
performance on May 15 following high demand. In addition, the group is 
scheduled to hold their Tokyo Dome concert in Japan for two days on April 23 
and 24, but as the tickets were sold out at the same time as the opening sale, 
they added a performance on the 25th. With three sold out dates at the Tokyo 
Dome, Twice became the first Kpop girl group and the second girl group overall 
(following AKB48) to hold a three-day concert at the said venue. 
(following AKB48) to hold a three-day concert at the said venue. On May 17, the 
members have opened their individual instagram account, after the 7th year of 
the group's debut. 
